♪ TIMMY IS AN AVERAGE KID ♪
♪ THAT NO ONE UNDERSTANDS ♪
♪ MOM AND DAD AND VICKY
ALWAYS GIVING HIM COMMANDS ♪
BED, TWERP!
♪ THE DOOM AND GLOOM
UP IN HIS ROOM ♪
¦¦
♪ IS BROKEN INSTANTLY ¦¦¦¦
♪ BY HIS MAGIC LITTLE FISH
WHO GRANT HIS EVERY WISH ♪
♪ BECAUSE IN REALITY ♪
♪ THEY ARE HIS ODDPARENTS ♪
¦¦¦¦
♪¦¦¦¦¦¦RLY ODDPARENTS ♪¦¦¦¦
WANDS AND WINGS!
FLOATY, CROWNY THINGS!
♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ REALLY MOD, PEA P¦¦¦¦¦¦
BUFF BOD, HOT ROD ♪
♪ OBTUSE
RUBBER GOOSE ♪
♪ GREEN MOOSE,
GUAVA JUICE ♪
♪ GIANT SNAKE,
BIRTHDAY CAKE ♪
♪ LARGE FRIES,
CHOCOLATE SHAKE! ♪
♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
♪ IT FLIPS YOUR LID
WHEN YOU ARE THE KID ♪
♪ WITH FAIRLY ODDPARENTS! ♪
Vicky: YEAH, RIGHT.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
NICKELODEON
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
OUR LITTLE BOY
IS FINALLY BEINGED
FORCIBLY WED¦¦¦¦¦
TO A WARRIOR PRINCESS
FROM THE PLANET BODACIA.
OHH! I'M SO HAPPY!
AAH!
THERE, THERE,
MY QUEEN.
I, TOO, AM EXCITED.
[DOOR OPENS]
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
I JUST WISH
MARK'S NEW BRIDE
WASN'T SO HIDEOUS
TO LOOK AT.
GOOD THING WE
BROUGHT BARF BAGS!
IT IS NOW TIME
TO FORCIBLY BOND
THE BODACIAN
PRINCESS MANDIE
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
[WHOOSH]
UM, HAS ANYBODY SEEN
THE PRINCE?
AAH!
WAY UNCOOL!
I WILL, LIKE, TOTALLY
NOT DO THIS.
[BEEP BEEP]
LATER, DUDES!
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
OH. I--I'M SURE
HE'S JUST FLYING OFF
AT LIGHT SPEED
¦¦
TO, UM, GET SOME SODAS.
OR NOT MARRY YOU.
I'M SURE EVERYTHING
WILL BE JUST FINE,¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
AND NOBODY LEAVES ME
AT THE ALTAR!
NOBODY!
HMM. VIOLENCE.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
EARTH, WHICH I WILL
SOMEDAY RULE.
¦¦¦¦¦¦
NOW PLEASE TURN
TO PAGE 75
IN YOUR "CROCKER
TAKES OVER THE WORLD" BOOK.
OHH. THIS IS GONNA BE
THE MOST BORING DAY
OF CLASS EVER.
UGH! UGH! UGH! UGH!
TURNER!
CHOCOLATE-EATING
WARRIOR
OF THE PLANET EARTH!
HIDE ME!
[SCREAMING]
¦¦
I WISH EVERY HUMAN
IN THIS ROOM WOULD FREEZE.
INCREDIBLE!
AN ACTUAL ALIE--
DUDE, WHAT'S
THE MATTER WITH YOU?
YOU'RE AN ALIEN!
YOU CAN'T JUST BUST
INTO MY CLASSROOM LIKE THIS.¦¦¦¦
IT TOOK ME 4 TRIES.
OHH!
DUDE, YOU GOT TO
HIDE ME
BEFORE SHE FINDS ME.
I CANNOT LET HER,
LIKE, FIND ME!
HIDE YOU FROM WHO?
PRINCIPAL WAXELPLAX?
NO. IT'S SOME GIRL
MY PARENTS WANT ME TO MARRY.
PLEASE LET ME STAY HERE
ON EARTH WITH YOU.
I CAN BLEND RIGHT IN.
¦¦¦¦¦¦
DIG IT!
LOOK. I AM
A NORMAL EARTH CHILD.
DO NOT BE FOOLED
BY THE EXTRA TENTACLES.
Wanda: YOU'RE NOT
FOOLING ANYBODY.
ONLY A COMPLETE
MORON WOULD BELIEVE
THAT SILLY DISGUISE.
HEY, TIMMY, WHO'S
THE NEW NORMAL EARTH CHILD?
HE, LIKE, TOTALLY
BLENDS IN.
ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT. YOU CAN
STAY FOR A WHILE,
BUT YOU GOT TO
MAKE YOURSELF
LOOK MORE HUMAN.
DON'T YOU HAVE
SOME SORT OF
WEIRD ALIEN DEVICE
THAT WILL LET YOU
DO THAT?
OH, RIGHT! DUH!
I'M, LIKE, SO TOTALLY
WEARING ONE. HA HA!
¦¦
RADICAL!
COOL. NOW ALL
WE GOT TO DO
IS HIDE HIM
UNTIL WE FIGURE OUT
WHAT TO DO WITH HIM.
YOU WANT US
TO UNFREEZE
EVERYBODY?
NOT JUST YET.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
HORRIBLE HOLES.
ALIENS! ALIENS
FROM OUTER SPACE!
UH, I MEAN,
HAVE YOU LOST WEIGHT?
CROCKER!
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
[CLANG]
MAN, THIS STUFF
IS HORRID.
LUCKILY, THEY SERVE IT
BY THE BUCKETS HERE. YAH!
¦¦¦¦¦¦
DU¦¦, IF YOU'RE
GONNA BLEND IN,¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
WAIT.
GOVERNMENT FOOD.
OHH! IS THERE NO END
TO YOUR DELICACIES?
MAN, THIS STUFF
IS AWESOME!
GOOD THING THEY SERVE IT
BY THE BUCKETS HERE.
THIS FEELS LIKE
A BAD IDEA, TIMMY.
YOU SHOULD SEND MARK
BACK HOME.
I CAN'T SEND HIM BACK
TO HIS HOME PLANET
TO BE KILLED.
OR WOR¦¦--MARR¦¦D!
HE TRUSTS ME,
AND HE TOTALLY
BLENDS IN.
¦¦¦¦
Mark: COOL!
IT'S BROWN.
¦¦¦¦
IT MUST BE GROSS!
AAH! THE DREADED
CHOCOLATE!
IT HAS SHORTED OUT
MY IMAGE FAKEFIER.
¦¦
[KIDS SCREAM]
WOW. IS IT TIME
FOR HIM TO LEAVE ALREADY?
AAH!
YOU, PREPARE TO ACCEPT
WEDDED BLISS
OR EAT HOT PLASMA!
AAH!
MY UNTIMELY DEATH
HAS, LIKE,
UNTIMELY COME.
ALIEN!
I WISH EVERYONE
WOULD FREEZE!
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
AW, MAN, I CAN'T
LET HIM GET WASTED
LIKE THAT.
OR GET MARRIED!
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
WE SHOULD POOF HIM
SOMEPLACE ELSE¦¦¦¦
AND UNFREEZE
EVERYBODY.
NOT EVERYBODY.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
[SNORING]
¦¦
NOW.
ALIEN!
AAH!
[GRR]
¦¦¦¦¦¦
UGH!
Mark: HA HA!
I CANNOT BELIEVE
YOU FOUND ME
SOME PROPERTY
¦¦
IN THE¦¦EST NEIGHBORHOOD
IN DIMMSDALE.
¦¦¦¦¦¦
WHAT A HOT CRIB!
YEAH. I THOUGHT
YOU'D DIG IT.
MANDIE WILL NEVER
FIND ME HERE.
¦¦
I DON'T GET IT.
IF YOU'RE NOT
MARRIED TO HER,
WHY IS SHE TRYING
TO KILL YOU?
AND WHY WERE YOU
SUPPOSED TO MARRY HER
IN THE FIRST PLACE?
OK. I'M A PRINCE,
AND SHE IS A PRINCESS.
WERE WE TO MARRY,
OUR PLANETS' ALLIANCE
WOULD BE, LIKE,
THE MOST FEARSOME
IN THE UNIVERSE
¦¦
AND, LIKE, TEAM UP¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦?
BUT I CANNOT MARRY HER,
FOR I DO NOT LOVE HER.
I MEAN, HOW COULD I?
SHE'S HIDEOUS!
SAY IT!
"WOW. SHE SURE IS
HIDEOUS.
"I SURE WOULD HATE
HAVING TO SPEND TIME
WITH HER."
WELL, LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE ALL SET.
YEAH, AN¦¦¦¦ S¦¦W YOU
MY GRATITUDE,
I SHALL STRUGGLE
THROUGH THE THANK YOU
THAT YOU EARTHLINGS
CALL, AHEM, A HUG.
NO. SERIOUSLY, DUDE,
IT'S OK.
¦¦
OOPS. EVEN
THE SLIGHTEST AMOUNT
OF EARTHLY KINDNESS
SHORTS IT OUT.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
GOOD THING
IT'S JUST US HERE.
¦¦¦¦¦¦
Mandie: SINCE YOU TWO
ARE THE MOST POWERFUL,
I'M TAKING YOU OUT FIRST.
TAKING ME OUT? NEAT!
I MEAN, "I CAN'T
DO THAT.
I AM MARRIED."
COSMO, DO SOMETHING.
I CAN'T.
I'M MARRIED.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
RUN!
MARK, COME BACK
AND BE MINE!
¦¦¦¦¦¦
THEN DIE!
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
AAH!
WHAT DO WE DO?
SHE'S TOO FAST!
THE ONLY WAY TO GET HER
OFF MY TRAIL
IS TO GET HER
TO, LIKE, MARRY
SOMEONE ELSE!
¦¦¦¦¦¦
SOMEONE ELSE.
¦¦
GOOD-BYE, MOTHER.
I'M OFF TO HUNT FAIRIES
DISGUISED AS ALIENS.
¦¦
HEY, NEAT,
A FAIRY HUNTING BELT.¦¦
¦¦¦¦
THANK YOU, SANTA!
[BEEPING]
¦¦
NOW MARRY ME
OR¦¦IE!
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
FINALLY!
¦¦¦¦
AAH!
¦¦
Timmy: WELL,
THAT SOLVES BOTH
OUR PROBLEMS FOR NOW,
BUT LISTEN, DUDE.
IF YOU'RE GONNA
HIDE OUT HERE ON EARTH,
¦¦U'RE GONNA HAVE TO BE
A LOT MORE INCONSPICUOUS
AND CAUSE
A LOT LESS TROUBLE.
HUH! NO PROBLEM,
BRAH.
YOU WON'T EVEN KNOW
I'M HERE.
[BELL RINGING]
HEY. THE NEW KID
IS, LIKE, TOTALLY
HOGGING ALL THE ACTION.
DO NOT ATTEMPT
TO KISS ME.
EVEN THE SLIGHTEST
OF YOUR EARTH AFFECTION
IS MOST LETHAL.
THE MORE HE REJECTS US,
THE DREAMIER HE GETS.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
OK, BUT IF HE EATS OUT
OF MY GARBAGE CAN AGAIN,
HE'S GOING DOWN!
WELL, STUDENTS, SINCE
MR. CROCKER IS OUT TODAY,
I WILL BE GETTING A CHANCE
TO LIVE OUT MY NEW DREAM
OF BEING
A SUBSTITUTE TEACHER,
AND TODAY, WE'RE GOING
TO TALK ABOUT ARTS.
TIMMY, DID YOU BRING IN
A PIECE OF ART?
I CALL IT
"IDIOTS IN LOVE."
FANTASTIC!
CAN'T YOU SENSE
THE LOVE BETWEEN
THESE TWO?
Alien: CAN'T YOU SEE
THE LOVE BETWEEN THESE TWO?
I'M SO GLAD MARK
DECIDED TO GET MARRIED
AND NOT GET HIS HEAD
CUT OFF BY MANDIE.
¦¦¦¦
"AS AM I, MY QUEEN.
MARRIAGE MAKES
EVERYTHING BETTER."
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
I'M SO HAPPY!
¦¦
[GRR]
[SNORING]
CROCKER!
UH, I GUESS
THIS MEANS
THE HONEYMOON'S OFF.
UNH! UGH! OHH! AAH!
UNH! OHH!
Mark: NO PROBLEM, BRAH.
[MOO]
ONE SET OF CONCENTRATED
TURBO-RUNNING CHEESE PANTS
COMING UP!
¦¦
THANKS, COSMO!
THIS IS THE GREATEST
DAIRY-BASED WISH
I'VE MADE IN
THE LAST 4 MINUTES.
UH-OH! MY BAD WISH SENSES
ARE TINGLING.
OH, COME ON.
YOU'VE BEEN SAYING
THAT ALL WEEK.
YOUR BAD WISH SENSE
ISN'T ALWAYS RIGHT,
YOU KNOW.
OH, IT'S NOT?
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
AAH!
I KNOW HOW TO GET
TRIXIE TO NOTICE ME.
I WISH I HAD
AN ELECTRIC PERSONALITY.
NEXT TIME, I'LL WISH
FOR RUBBER GLOVES!
AAH!
PLEASE BE INK.
ALL THAT MEANS IS
TIMMY'S DUE
FOR A GOOD WISH.
COME ON,
CHEESEBOY SQUAREPANTS,
MAKE US PROUD!
AAH!
¦¦¦¦
YOU WERE SAYING?
AHH. MM. LOOK AT ME.
I'M A TASTY NACHO
WITH THIRD-DEGREE BURNS!
¦¦
AAH!
¦¦¦¦
MM. MM. MM.
MM?
MAN, THAT'S THE FOURTH
BAD WISH THIS WEEK.
I WISH I COULD
BREAK THIS STREAK.
HEY, PUNY LITTLE HUMAN CHILD.
ARE YOU ON A BAD WISH STREAK?
THEN CALL THE WISH FIXERS.
IN JUST 5 DAYS,
THEY CAN TURN
YOUR FIRE-BREATHING DRAGON WISH
INTO A KINDLY DRAGON WISH
THAT RESPECTS CHILDREN
AND BREATHES HEALTHY
SUGAR-FREE MINTS.
YAY!
WHAT? I'M NOT GOING
TO SOME DUMB WISH FIXER.
AAH! THEN AGAIN,
MAYBE I AM.
¦¦¦¦
WELCOME
TO WISH FIXERS.
IT'S H.P.,
THE HEAD PIXIE
WHO TRIED TO TAKE
OVER FAIRYWORLD ONCE
BUT WAS THWARTED
BY TIMMY...
WHO IS YOU!
WHY ARE YOU SHOUTING?
OH. I JUST FINISHED
A MEMORY MENDING COURSE,
AND I LEARNED THAT
SPEAKING LOUDLY
HELPS YOU REMEMBER THINGS.
I LIKE PIE!
MM.
DON'T WORRY.
THAT CRAZY DESIRE
FOR US PIXIES
TO CONTROL ALL MAGIC
AND TAKE OVER
FAIRYWORLD
IS BEHIND US.
REALLY.
¦¦
NOW PLEASE SIGN
THIS CONTRACT
SO WE CAN GET THIS
PARTY STARTED.¦¦
UH-OH! NOW MY
"I DON'T TRUST
PIXIES" SENSE
IS TINGLING.
PERHAPS MY ASSOCIATE
JORGEN VON STRANGLE
CAN CONVINCE YOU
AGAIN.
SIGN YOUR NAMES.
DO IT, OR I WILL
USE YOUR BONES
AS TOOTHPICKS!
NOW, THAT WAS
A CONVINCING ARGUMENT.
BESIDES, MAYBE MY WISHING
COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER.
NOW, THE FIRST STEP
IN OUR AMAZING ONE-STEP
WISH FIXING PROGRAM
IS DON'T MAKE
ANY MORE BAD WISHES
FOR 5 DAYS,
AND YOUR
BAD WISH STREAK
WILL BE BROKEN.
OR ELSE.
OR ELSE WHAT?
YOU'LL FIND OUT.
Timmy: THESE AMOEBAS
ARE SO SMALL,
THEY'RE HARD TO COUNT.
I WISH THEY WERE BIGGER.
YOU'VE GOT IT!
[BUZZ]
OUCH! OUCH! OUCH!
UNWISH THE WISH.
UNWISH THE WISH!
OK. OK. I WISH
THE AMOEBAS WERE SMALL.
WHAT THE HECK
WAS THAT?
EVERY TIME YOU MAKE
A BAD WISH,
COSMO AND WANDA
WILL BE PAINFULLY,
PAINFULLY SHOCKED,
AND WITH EACH
BAD WISH,
THE PAINFUL,
PAINFUL SHOCKS
WILL GET WORSE.
WHAT? THAT'S
TOTALLY UNFAIR.
NO. IT'S HILARIOUS.
WATCH.
[BUZZ BUZZ]
AAH!
SHOCKING, ISN'T IT?
OH. THAT'S GOOD.
I'VE GOT TO WRITE
THAT ONE DOWN.
LUCKILY, MY HAT
IS ALSO A PEN.
YOU CAN'T GET AWAY
WITH THIS!
I'LL JUST WISH
THE COLLARS WERE OFF.
BUT THAT WOULD
BREAK THE CONTRACT
YOU SIGNED,
AND IF YOU BREAK
THE CONTRACT
YOU SIGNED,
WE GET TO REPLACE
YOUR FAIRIES
WITH PIXIES.
IT'S IN
THE FINE PRINT. SEE?
SON OF A GUN!
NO PROBLEM!
I CAN TOTALLY GO 5 DAYS
WITHOUT MAKING A BAD WISH.
¦¦
[PIGS SQUEALING]
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
[BUZZ BUZZ]
AAH!
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
OH. SO YOU WANT
A STORY,
ME PRETTY?
HERE'S ONE
ABOUT THE TIME
ME UNDEAD HORDE
LAID WASTE
TO DIMMSDALE.
COME ON, BOYS!
THEIR DEFENSES
HAVE BEEN WEAKENED
BY PIGS! ARR!
[PIRATES YELLING]
[BUZZ BUZZ]
AAH!
¦¦
[MEOWING AND BARKING]
[BUZZ BUZZ]
¦¦¦¦¦¦
STILL WISHING BADLY,
I SEE.
[BUZZ]
COSMO, WANDA,
I'M SORRY.
I'M NOT MAKING
ANY MORE WISHES
UNTIL THE 5 DAYS
ARE UP.
BUT THAT WOULD
ALSO VIOLATE
THE CONTRACT,
WHICH ALSO MEANS
YOU GET PIXIES
INSTEAD OF FAIRIES.
¦¦¦¦
IT'S IN
THE FINE PRINT
WITHIN
THE FINE PRINT.
Timmy: SON OF A GUN.
¦¦
THERE IT IS!
ESPECIALLY
WHEN YOU SEE
THE LAST SETTING
ON THEIR COLLAR.
Cosmo: A S¦¦LL
AND CROSSBONES!
TIMMY, NO!
I DON'T WANT
TO BE A PIRATE
AND LAY WASTE
TO DIMMSDALE,
WHICH IS WHERE
YOU LIVE!
HERE. I'VE
MADE A LIST
OF APPROVED,
NOT BAD WISHES.
I SUGGEST
YOU FOLLOW IT.
YOU WANT ME TO WISH
FAIRYWORLD WAS
RULED BY PIXIES?
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
IT'S EITHER
THAT WISH
OR PIRATES.
IT'S YOUR CHOICE,
TURNER.
¦¦¦¦¦¦
Timmy: OH, MAN.
IF I BREAK
THE CONTRACT,
YOU GET REPLACED
BY PIXIES,
AND IF I MAKE
A BAD WISH,
YOU GUYS GET WASTED
AND REPLACED
BY PIXIES!
WELL, THAT ONE
WHERE WE DON'T GET WASTED
SOUNDS PRETTY GOOD.
THIS STINKS!
THERE'S NO WAY OUT!
SECTION 7,
SUBPARAGRAPH A-19,
BREACH OF CONTRACT.
WHAT?
IF TIMMY MAKES
AN IRRESPONSIBLE WISH
THAT IS AT THE SAME TIME
RESPONSIBLE,
THEY CAN'T SHOCK US,
AND THE CONTRACT
IS NULL AND VOID.
BLUE IS A COLOR!
A RESPONSIBLE
IRRESPONSIBLE WISH, EH?
H.P., DO I HAVE
A WISH FOR YOU.
IS IT THE WISH
WHERE YOU WISH
FOR FAIRYWORLD TO BE
RULED BY PIXIES?
IF IT'S NOT,
YOU'VE BROKEN
THE CONTRACT,
AND YOU GET
TO SAY GOOD-BYE
TO COSMO AND WANDA.
GO ME. GO ME.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY.
OH. DON'T WORRY.
I'VE GOT A WISH,
ALL RIGHT.
I WISH COSMO AND WANDA
WERE MADE OF RUBBER!
¦¦
BAD WISH, TURNER.
SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR FAIRIES.
[BUZZ BUZZ]
GASP.
GUESS AGAIN, PINHEAD.
THEY'RE RUBBER,
AND RUBBER DOESN'T
CONDUCT ELECTRICITY!
AND SINCE I DIDN'T
MAKE THE APPROVED WISH,
YOU HAVE TO LET ME OUT
OF THE CONTRACT.
BECAUSE HE MADE
A RESPONSIBLE WISH.
WHICH IS ALSO
IRRESPONSIBLE. WATCH!
WHEE!
DRAT. IT SEEMS
AS THOUGH I HAVE
BEEN TRAPPED
WITHIN MY OWN
LOOPHOLE.
WE'LL SEE WHAT
MY ASSOCIATE JORGEN
HAS TO SAY
ABOUT THIS.
LOOPHOLE OR NOT,
I AM NOW GOING TO
TURN YOUR FAIRIES
INTO PIXIES,
BORING, DULL, UNFUN
PIX--UNH--PIX--
UNH--PIX--UGH!
THAT'S FUNNY.
I DON'T REMEMBER
JORGEN BEING MADE OF METAL
OR HAVING AN EXTENSION CORD
STICKING OUT OF HIS BUTT.
JORGEN IS NOT MADE OF METAL,
BUT HE MAY HAVE
AN EXTENSION CORD
STICKING OUT
OF HIS BUTT!
I DON'T USUALLY
LOOK BACK THERE!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I WISH THE REAL
JORGEN VON STRANGLE
WAS HERE.
UH, TIMMY TURNER,
YOU'VE INTERRUPTED
MY COOKING CLASS.
IF MY SOUFFLE FALLS,
I WILL BAKE YOU
A MIGHTY CAKE
OF DEATH!
HEY!
PAY NO ATTENTION
TO THE PIXIE CONTROLLING
THE JORGEN ROBOT.
EVERYONE, YOU REMEMBER
MY EVIL HENCHMAN SANDERSON.
SANDERSON, EVERYONE.
HELLO, EVERYONE.
SO YOU'RE NOT
HELPING THE PIXIES?
HUH? PIXIES?
WHY WOULD I HELP
THESE DULL,
POINTY-HEADED WIMPS?
OW! I MEAN, YAY!
WE'RE NOT RUBBER!
FAIRIES ARE HERE
TO GRANT FUN WISHES
OF PAIN!
OH. WAIT.
THAT IS ME.
OF COURSE,
THEY DID BREAK ME
OF MY BAD WISH HABIT.
¦¦¦¦
OH. ARE YOU SURE
YOU DON'T HAVE
ONE MORE BAD WISH
IN YOU?
MAYBE.
FINALLY, SOMETHING
MORE BORING THAN WE ARE.
OH, THE SINGLE-CELLED
IRONY.
AAH.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
NOPE. NO CORD.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
NICKELODEON
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--